---
layout: post
title:  "Why I'm Learning Web Development"
date:   2017-08-15 00:22:25 +0000
---


I've been interested in tech for a while now, I bought the first iphone a couple weeks before AT&T subsidized them (that was also a painful lesson on one of the downsides of being an early adopter). Back in 2009 ish Apple was killing it and I wanted to get in on making apps. So I bought a book about 6 inches thick on how to make apps off of Amazon. When I cracked it open the first thing it told me was that I'd have to learn C before I could understand what the book was trying to tell me. So I bought a book on C, I still have it and it's still in great shape because I didn't get that far into it before giving up. I didn't know anyone who programmed in any language and the books I had bought really weren't going to get me to where I needed to be. 
Between then and now I've tried several different on-line courses from codecademy, treehouse, udemy, etc., I couldn't stick to any of them. I got lucky when a non-profit, Operation Code, sent me an email about a scholarship offer that flatiron had for veterans. I tried the free part of the course out (part of the application process) and fell in love immediately, and was also fortunate enough to earn a 50% scholarship. To answer the original question, I didn't really set out to learn web development, I really just wanted to learn how to program. I knew that once I knew how to program in one language I could pick up others relatively fast. And this would allow me to flow in the direction that interests me the most, that might be web development but it could also turn into something completely unforseen. 
This strategy mirrors my path of learning nuclear propulsion in the Navy. You see the Navy has a few different reactor types across the fleet. Think of big ones for aircraft carriers and small ones for submarines, they also stretch across multiple generations from the first ones made in the 1950's until the newest ones being built now. The Navy can't teach the intracacies of each one, so they picked a platform and knew it really wouldn't matter because they all operate under the same principals. And if you understood the principals then you could fill in the details when you got to your first ship or got to your second ship that has a completely different platform. Web development isn't my main goal, learning solid programming practices and how to write good code is, that's something I can take anywhere with me.
